# Rock Paper Scissors

A very simple implementation of RPS. I really struggled with the layout. I am learning CSS, and flexbox rather quicky and I'm sure best practices are being overlooked but so I'm satisfied with my rate of progress. I never thought Id stay interested enough to even get to this point. But in all honesty, my CSS sucks. I can get the effect I want, but is it right?.. no, Its a mess. I didn't really start this endeavor for front end. Just wanted to get my feet wet and It's actually mind blowing the things you can do. I will continue to get better. Honestly it WAS pretty clean and I got mesmerized looking at what can be done just with CSS and added a little this, littles that. You know how this stroy ends. Made a mess. I have a goal in mind for the TOP program and I'll see it through. Will be interesting to come back and see this after I finsih. 

<br><br>
And JavaScript. I'm building up a very fond likeness for it. Just barely scratching the surface and I'm getting really into what I'm learning. I know my code is not the cleanest and I just threw this together and let it get out of hand. But most of this app was just experimenting with the language. The game has some bugs that manifest in places, and they are really simple ones I should not have let by. As I'm writng this I'm determined to fix them, but I may get sidetracked by more CSS goodies. Left myself some harsh notes to keep me interested. I can see the similarites with Python ans the diffrences. Some are familiar and some are just.. wtf? Cool language mayb I can master in the next 20 years.
